[docs] Add kafka-api global version (#702)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/kafka-api/examples.md

# Kafka API usage examples

> This article provides examples of usage the Kafka API to work with [topics](../../concepts/topic.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article provides examples of Kafka API usage to work with [{{ ydb-short-name }} topics](../../concepts/topic.md).

```

Before executing the examples, [create a topic](../ydb-cli/topic-create.md) and [add a consumer](../ydb-cli/topic-consumer-add.md).

## Examples of working with topics

The examples use:

 * `ydb:9093` — host name.
 * `/Root/Database` — database name.
 * `/Root/Database/Topic` — topic name.
 * `user@/Root/Database` — username. Includes the username and database name.
 * `*****` — user password.

## Writing data to a topic

### Writing via Kafka Java SDK

> This example includes a code snippet for writing data to a topic via Kafka Java SDK.

Reviewer: is there a full version of this with imports, main function definition, etc.? a link to something like this would have been useful
